README.md, before:

![Latest Stable Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/stable-0.17.0-blue.svg)
![Latest Testing Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/testing-0.17.1-red.svg)
[![License](https://poser.pugx.org/wplib/wplib-box/license)](https://packagist.org/packages/wplib/wplib-box)



![WPLib-Box](https://github.com/wplib/wplib.github.io/raw/master/WPLib-Box-100x.png)


# Box Scripts for the WPLib Box


## Installation
Box Scripts contain scripts designed for both running _**inside**_ WPLib Box as well as running alongside WPLib Box on the host computer. 

If you are using the latest &mdash; [WPLib Box 0.10.9 or later](https://github.com/wplib/wplib-box) &mdash; it will automatically have been installed.

## Getting Help
After that type `box` to get a list of commands, or explicitly specify `help`:

    box help

![box help](https://github.com/wplib/box-scripts/raw/0.16.1/docs/Help-box.png)

![box container](https://github.com/wplib/box-scripts/raw/0.16.1/docs/Help-container.png)

![box database](https://github.com/wplib/box-scripts/raw/0.16.1/docs/Help-database.png)

![box test](https://github.com/wplib/box-scripts/raw/0.16.1/docs/Help-test.png)

Do NOT forget to first enter the WPLib Box command line by first running this command from your *host* computer's command line:

    vagrant up

![vagrant up](https://github.com/wplib/box-scripts/raw/0.16.1/docs/vagrant-up.png)

    vagrant ssh

![vagrant ssh](https://github.com/wplib/box-scripts/raw/0.16.1/docs/vagrant-ssh.png)

    vagrant halt

![vagrant halt](https://github.com/wplib/box-scripts/raw/0.16.1/docs/vagrant-halt.png)


## Status/Disclaimer

This is VERY MUCH a work-in-progress, and WILL CHANGE SIGNIFICANTLY over time.

If you want to use it plan up updating it and not building scripts that depend on it as they will break.

## License/Copyright

This repository is free to use with absolutely no warranty.   

See [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) for more detail.

Copyright (c) 2016-2018 NewClarity Consulting LLC, All Rights Reserved Worldwide

Commit message:

Updated version references in README.md to 0.17.0.

README.md, after:

![Latest Stable Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/stable-0.17.0-blue.svg)
![Latest Testing Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/testing-0.17.1-red.svg)
[![License](https://poser.pugx.org/wplib/wplib-box/license)](https://packagist.org/packages/wplib/wplib-box)



![WPLib-Box](https://github.com/wplib/wplib.github.io/raw/master/WPLib-Box-100x.png)


# Box Scripts for the WPLib Box


## About
Box Scripts contain scripts designed for both running _**inside**_ WPLib Box. In a future version it will also run on the host computer alongside WPLib Box. 

## Installation
If you are using [WPLib Box 0.10.9 or later](https://github.com/wplib/wplib-box) it will automatically have been installed.


## Getting Help
After that type `box` to get a list of commands, or explicitly specify `help`:

    box help

![box help](https://github.com/wplib/box-scripts/raw/0.17.0/docs/Help-box.png)

![box container](https://github.com/wplib/box-scripts/raw/0.17.0/docs/Help-container.png)

![box database](https://github.com/wplib/box-scripts/raw/0.17.0/docs/Help-database.png)

![box test](https://github.com/wplib/box-scripts/raw/0.17.0/docs/Help-test.png)

Do NOT forget to first enter the WPLib Box command line by first running this command from your *host* computer's command line:

    vagrant up

![vagrant up](https://github.com/wplib/box-scripts/raw/0.17.0/docs/vagrant-up.png)

    vagrant ssh

![vagrant ssh](https://github.com/wplib/box-scripts/raw/0.17.0/docs/vagrant-ssh.png)

    vagrant halt

![vagrant halt](https://github.com/wplib/box-scripts/raw/0.17.0/docs/vagrant-halt.png)


## Status/Disclaimer

This is VERY MUCH a work-in-progress, and WILL CHANGE SIGNIFICANTLY over time.

If you want to use it plan up updating it and not building scripts that depend on it as they will break.

## License/Copyright

This repository is free to use with absolutely no warranty.   

See [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) for more detail.

Copyright (c) 2016-2018 NewClarity Consulting LLC, All Rights Reserved Worldwide
